Update/positioning update (#841)
MapsPeople/docs: src/content/map/positioning/cisco-dna.md

## How User Positioning Works in MapsIndoors

In order to show a user's position in an indoor map with MapsIndoors, a Position Provider must be implemented. MapsIndoors does not implement a Position Provider itself, but rely on 3rd party positioning software to create this experience. In an outdoor environment this Position Provider can be a wrapper of the Core Location Services in iOS.

A Position Provider in MapsIndoors must adhere to the `MPPositionProvider` protocol. Once you have an instance of an `MPPositionProvider` you can register it by assigning it to `MapsIndoors.positionProvider`. See the overview of the interface dependencies below.

![cisco-dna-ios](/assets/map/positioning/Cisco_DNA_iOS.png)

## Wrapping the CiscoDNA Positioning in a Position Provider

> Just like in the mock Position Provider example, we need to implement a Position Provider that wraps the MapsIndoors CiscoDNA services to inject the CiscoDNA indoor positioning into MapsIndoors. If you only require this to work for indoor positioning, we would be good with just wrapping the CiscoDNA part. MapsIndoors however has the capability to support wayfinding both outdoors and indoors, so we have come up with a solution that implements two Position Providers, one for CoreLocation (`GPSPositionProvider`) and one for CiscoDNA (`CiscoDNAPositionProvider2`). The `CiscoDNAPositionProvider2` subclasses the `GPSPositionProvider` so it can determine whether the CiscoDNA position or the Core Location position should be used in your application. Both Position Providers are written in Objective C, but can of course be used in Swift as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like in the mock Position Provider example, we need to implement a Position Provider that wraps the MapsIndoors CiscoDNA services to inject the CiscoDNA indoor positioning into MapsIndoors. If you only require this to work for indoor positioning, we would be good with just wrapping the CiscoDNA part. MapsIndoors however has the capability to support wayfinding both outdoors and indoors, so the shown solution implements two Position Providers, one for CoreLocation (`GPSPositionProvider`) and one for CiscoDNA (`CiscoDNAPositionProvider2`). The `CiscoDNAPositionProvider2` subclasses the `GPSPositionProvider` so it can determine whether the CiscoDNA position or the Core Location position should be used in your application. Both Position Providers are written in Objective C, but can of course be used in Swift as well.
```

## Integration Guide

1. Make sure you have [integrated MapsIndoors]({{site.url}}/content/getting-started/ios) succesfully.
1. Download and unzip [this zip file](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rbtB872NQ81m93xsxdzxA7gn8MtW1Ksl/view?usp=sharing) containing the CiscoDNA integration source.
1. Create a group in your Xcode project, e.g. called CiscoDNA.
1. Drag and drop the files in the downloaded folder to your new group. Choose "Copy items if needed".
1. If this is the first Objective C code in your project, Xcode will suggest that you create an Objective C Bridging Header file. Select "Yes" or "Create Bridging Header".
1. Drag and drop the rest of the files into the CiscoDNA group. Choose "Copy items if needed".
1. In your Objective C Bridging Header, add `#import "CiscoDNAPositionProvider2.h"`.
1. In `AppDelegate.swift-didFinishLaunchingWithOptions`, add the following code:

>     ```objc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```swift
```
